1. "If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission." --Anonymous
2. "Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out." --John Wooden
3. "To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong." --Anonymous
4. "If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary." --Jim Rohn
5. "Trust because you are willing to accept the risk, not because it's safe or certain." --Anonymous
6. "Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life--think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success." --Swami Vivekananda
7. "All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them." --Walt Disney
8. "Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them." --Anonymous
9. "If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got." --Anonymous
10. "Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." --Winston Churchill
11. "Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a butterfly." --Proverb
12. "Successful entrepreneurs are givers and not takers of positive energy." --Anonymous
13. "Whenever you see a successful person you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them." --Vaibhav Shah
14. "Opportunities don't happen, you create them." --Chris Grosser
15. "Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value." --Albert Einstein
16. "Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people." --Eleanor Roosevelt
17. "I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." --Thomas A. Edison
18. "If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents--start charging for it." --Kim Garst
19. "A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him." --David Brinkley
20. "No one can make you feel inferior without your consent." --Eleanor Roosevelt
21. "The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it." --Henry Ford
22. "If you're going through hell keep going." --Winston Churchill
23. "The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do." --Anonymous
24. "Don't raise your voice, improve your argument." --Anonymous
25. "What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise." --Oscar Wilde
26. "The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away." --Anonymous
27. "The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success." --Bruce Feirstein
28. "When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you." --Lolly Daskal
29. "I believe that the only courage anybody ever needs is the courage to follow your own dreams." --Oprah Winfrey
30. "No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist." --Anonymous
31. "Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you." --Nathaniel Hawthorne
32. "If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough." --Albert Einstein
33. "Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting." --Anonymous
34. "Do one thing every day that scares you." --Anonymous
35. "What's the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable." --Anonymous
36. "Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." --Lolly Daskal
37. "Nothing in the world is more common than unsuccessful people with talent." --Anonymous
38. "Knowledge is being aware of what you can do. Wisdom is knowing when not to do it." --Anonymous
39. "Your problem isn't the problem. Your reaction is the problem." --Anonymous
40. "You can do anything, but not everything." --Anonymous
41. "Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." --Steve Jobs
42. "There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed." --Ray Goforth
43. "Thinking should become your capital asset, no matter whatever ups and downs you come across in your life." --A.P.J. Abdul Kalam
44. "I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have." --Thomas Jefferson
45. "The starting point of all achievement is desire." --Napoleon Hill
46. "Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out." --Robert Collier
47. "If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work." --Thomas J. Watson
48. "All progress takes place outside the comfort zone." --Michael John Bobak
49. "You may only succeed if you desire succeeding; you may only fail if you do not mind failing." --Philippos
50. "Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear--not absence of fear." --Mark Twain
51. "Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone." --Pablo Picasso
52. "People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing--that's why we recommend it daily." --Zig Ziglar
53. "We become what we think about most of the time, and that's the strangest secret." --Earl Nightingale
54. "The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary." --Vidal Sassoon
55. "Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears." --Les Brown
56. "I find that when you have a real interest in life and a curious life, that sleep is not the most important thing." --Martha Stewart
57. "It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see." --Anonymous
58. "The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same." --Colin R. Davis
59. "The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers." --Ralph Nader
60. "Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it." --Maya Angelou
61. "As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others." --Bill Gates
62. "A real entrepreneur is somebody who has no safety net underneath them." --Henry Kravis
63. "The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself." --Mark Caine
64. "People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy." --Tony Robbins
65. "When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid." --Audre Lorde
66. "Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect." --Mark Twain
67. "The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus." --Bruce Lee
68. "There is no traffic jam along the extra mile." --Roger Staubach
69. "Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success." --Dale Carnegie
70. "If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much." --Jim Rohn
71. "If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it--teach yourself to be impatient." --Gurbaksh Chahal
72. "Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning." --Robert Kiyosaki
73. "If you want to make a permanent change, stop focusing on the size of your problems and start focusing on the size of you!" --T. Harv Eker
74. "You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something--your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life." --Steve Jobs
75. "Two roads diverged in a wood and I took the one less traveled by, and that made all the difference." --Robert Frost
76. "The number one reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors." --Napoleon Hill
77. "The reason most people never reach their goals is that they don't define them, or ever seriously consider them as believable or achievable. Winners can tell you where they are going, what they plan to do along the way, and who will be sharing the adventure with them." --Denis Waitley
78. "In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it." --Jane Smiley
79. "Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time." --George Bernard Shaw
80. "I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well." --Diane Ackerman
81. "You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them." --Michael Jordan
82. "Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going." --Jim Ryun
83. "People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing." --Dale Carnegie
84. "There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul." --Ella Wheeler Wilcox
85. "Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter." --Francis Chan
86. "You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction." --George Lorimer
87. "A goal is not always meant to be reached; it often serves simply as something to aim at." -- Bruce Lee
88. "Success is ... knowing your purpose in life, growing to reach your maximum potential, and sowing seeds that benefit others." --John C. Maxwell
89. "Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice." --Wayne Dyer
90. "To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe." --Anatole France
91. "Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no help at all." --Dale Carnegie
92. "You measure the size of the accomplishment by the obstacles you had to overcome to reach your goals." --Booker T. Washington
93. "Real difficulties can be overcome; it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable." --Theodore N. Vail
94. "It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation." --Herman Melville
95. "What would you do if you weren't afraid." --Spencer Johnson
96. "Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above it." --Washington Irving
97. "Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor." --Truman Capote
98. "Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do." --John R. Wooden
99. "You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it." --Margaret Thatcher
100. "A man can be as great as he wants to be. If you believe in yourself and have the courage, the determination, the dedication, the competitive drive and if you are willing to sacrifice the little things in life and pay the price for the things that are worthwhile, it can be done." --Vince Lombardi
101."Whatever the mind can think and perceive, it can achieve." – Napolean Hill
102."It doesn't matter how slowly you go, as long as you don't stop." – Confucious
103."The past cannot be changed, the future is yet in your power,"
104."What you do today can improve all of your tomorrows." – Ralph Marston
105."Wake up determined go to bed satisfied." – Dwayne Johnson
106."Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities. Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers, you cannot be successful or happy." Norman Vincent Peale
107."If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way." – Napolean Hill
108."Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented that you know and capable of more than you can imagine." – Roy. T. Bennet
109."Work hard in silence, let your success be your noise."
110."You begin by always expecting good things to happen." – Tom Hopkins
111."It always seems impossible until it's done." – Nelson Mandela
112."Don't stop when you're tired. Stop when you are done."
113."Don't limit your challenges, challenge your limits."
114."The most common way for people to give up their power is by thinking they don't have any." – Alice Walker
115."The trouble is, if you don't risk anything, you risk more." – Erica Jong
116."Only I can change my life, no one can do it for me," – Carol Burnett
117."People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do." – Rob Siltanen
118."One's finds limits by pushing them." – Herbert Simon
119."Don't watch the clock. Do what it does and keep going." – Sam Levenson"Permanence, perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragements and impossibilities: It is this that in all things, distinguishes the strong soul from the weak." – Thomas Carlyle
120."Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it." – Charles R. Swindol
121."Life begins at the end of your comfort zone."
122."I've never chased money. It's always been about what I can do to motivate and inspire." – Tyler Perry
123."Success isn't overnight. It's when everyday you get a little better than the day before. It all adds up." – Dwayne Johnson
124."I am not a product of my circumstances, I am a product of my decisions." – Steven Covey
125."It's not about perfect, it's about effort every single day. That's where transformation happens. That's how change occurs." – Jilian Michaels
126."Don't carry your mistakes around with you. Instead place them under your feet and use them as stepping stones to rise above them."
127."I didn't get there by wishing for it or hoping for it, but by working for it." – Estee Lauder
128."I believe you can speak things into existence." – Jay Z
129."Challenges are gifts that force us to search for a new center or gravity. Don't fight them. Just find a new way to stand." – Oprah Winfrey
130."To be successful, you must accept all challenges that come your way. You can't just accept the ones you like." – Mike Gafka
131."Power to me is the ability to make change in a positive way/" – Victoria Justice
132."Formal education will make you a living. Self education will make you a fortune." – Jim Rohn
133."Security is mostly a superstition. Life is either a daring adventure or nothing." – Helen Keller
134."Work hard in silence, let success be your noise." – Frank Ocean
135."Success isn't about how much money you make, it's about the difference you make in people's lives." Michelle Obama
136."Live as if you were to die tomorrow, learn as if you were to live forever." – Mahatma Gandi
137."Life is hard, but so very beautiful." – Abraham Lincoln
138."The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it is too low and we reach it." – Michealangelo
139."I am not judged by the number of times I fail, but by the number of times I succeed." – Tom Hopkins
140."Why do we close our eyes when we pray, cry, kiss or dream? Because the most beautiful things in life are not seen but felt by the heart." – Denzel Washington
141."Power is not given to you, you have to take it." – Beyonce
142."Be humble, be hungry, and always be the hardest worker in the room." – Dwayne Johnson
143."With a new day comes strength and new thoughts." – Eleanor Roosevelt
144."Leaders set high standards. Refuse to tolerate mediocrity or poor performance." – Brian Tracy
145."If it doesn't challenge you, it doesn't change you."
146."There is no passion to be found playing small in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living." – Nelson Madela
147."Dream big and dream fierce." – Viola Davis
148."Every failure is a lesson. If you are not willing to fail, you are not ready to succeed."
149."We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated." – Maya Angelou
150."Don't be afraid to give up the good for the great." – John D. Rockefeller
151."Courage doesn't mean you don't get afraid. Courage means you don't let fear stop you."
152."We are all a little broken, but last time I checked, broken crayons still color the same."
153."If you want to be successful, prepare to be doubted and tested."
154."Vision is the art of seeing what is invisible to others." – Johnathan Swift
155."We can do no great things, only small things with great love." – Mother Theresa
156."Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do." – John Wooden
157."Just because my path is different doesn't mean I'm lost."
158."Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage." – Anais Nin
159."Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower."
160."I am not afraid of storms because I am learning how to sail my ship." – Louisa May Alocott
161."Leadership is the ability to get extraordinary achievement from ordinary people." – Brian Tracy
162."Never regret a day in your life. Good days give you happiness. Bad days give you experience."
163."To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream. Not only plan but also believe." – Anatole France
164."All journeys have secret destinations of which the travelers is unaware." – Marin Buber
165."Love your enemies because they tell you all your faults." – Benjamin Franklin
166."If'I had 6 hours to chop down a tree, I would spend the first 4 hours sharpening the axe." – Abraham Lincoln
167."Leap and the net will appear." – John Burroughs
168."You words can be powerful, they can hurt or uplift you, so think before you speak as every word counts."
169."Dream is not the thing you see in sleep, but it is that thing that doesn't let you sleep." – Dr. Abdul Kalam
170."It's not the load that keeps you down, it's how you carry it." – Lou Holtz
171."Your mind is a powerful thing. When you fill it with positive thoughts, your life will start to change." – Unknown
172."When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt." – Henry J. Kaiser
173."Everybody is a genius, but if you judge a fish by it's ability to climb a tree, it will live it's whole life thinking it's stupid." – Albert Einstein
174."Do you want to meet the love of your life? Look in the mirror" – Byron Katie
175."Be patient with yourself. Self-growth is tender, it's holy ground. There is no greater investment." – Stephen Covey
176."If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough." – Oprah Winfrey
177."Before you act, listen. Before you react, think. Before you spend, earn. Before you criticize, wait. Before you pray, forgive. Before you quit try." – Earnest Hemingway
178."I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not the one who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear." – Nelson Mandela
179."Knowing is not enough we must apply. Wishing is not enough, we must do." – Johann Wolfgang
180."Good, better, best. Never let it rest. Til your good is better and your better is best." – St. Jerome
181."You'll never change your life until you change something you do daily. The secret of your success if found in your daily routine."
182."Remember, no one can make you feel inferior without your consent." – Eleanor Rosevelt
183."Staying positive doesn't mean that things will turn out okay. Rather it is knowing that you will be okay no matter how things turn out."
184."Someday everything will make perfect sense. So for now laugh at the confusion, smile through the tears and keep reminding yourself that everything happens for a reason."
185."What comes easy won't last and what lasts won't come easy."
186."Old ways won't open new doors."
187."Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning." – Robert Kiyosaki
188."Integrity is the most valuable and respected quality of leadership. Always keep your word," – Brian Tracy
189."The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today." – H. Jackson Brown Jr.
190."Be brave, take tisks. Nothing can substitue experience." – Paulo Coelho
191."You only fail when you stop trying."
192."A river cuts through rock, not because of it's power but because of it's persistence." – Jim Watkins
193."With drive and a little talent, you can move mountains." – Dwayne Johnson
194."That some achieve great success is proof to all that others can achieve it as well." – Abraham Lincoln
195."We are all broken, that's how light gets in." Ernest Hemingway
196."There are far, far better things ahead than any we leave behind." – C.S. Lewis
197."Creativity is intelligence having fun." – Albert Einstein
198."Vibrate so high that toxic people in your life fall back, because they no longer know how to approach you."
199."The struggle you're in today is developing the strength you need for tomorrow."
200."The best way to predict the future is to created it." – Peter Drucker
201."You will never find time for anything. If you want time, you must make it." – Charles Burton
202."What a wonderful thought it is that some of the best days of our lives haven't happened yet."
203."If you believe in yourself, anything is possible."
204."Life is not measured by the number of breathes we take, but by the moments that take our breathe away." – Maya Angelou
205."Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover. – Mark Twain
206."I don't care what you think about me, I don't think about you at all." – Coco Chanel
207."Ordinary can't possibly be extraordinary without taking risk. You have to learn to be uncomfortable with being comfortable to truly reach your highest potential." – Necole Bitchie
208."You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it." – Margaret Thatcher
209."Courage is like a muscle, we strengthen it by use." – Ruth Gordo
210."Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence." – Vince Lombardi
211."I survived because the fire inside me burned brighter than the fire around me."
212."You can waste your lives drawing lines. Or you can live your life crossing them." – Shonda Rhimes
213."You don't want to look back now and know you could have done better."
214."Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground." – Theodore Roosevelt
215."The best view comes after the hardest climb."
216."Either you run the day, or the day runs you." – Jim Rohn
217."Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get." – Ingrid Bergman
218."Don't wait on perfect conditions, just go ahead and do something." – Dan Miller
219."Obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it. Go through it or work around it." – Micheal Jordan
220."Leadership reputations are mad or lost in times of crisis." – Ken Chenault
221."Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow." – Helen Keller
222."There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve, the fear of failure." – Paulo Coelhon"Tough times never last, but tough people do." – Robert H. Schuller
223."i'm stronger because I had to be. I'm Smarter because of my mistakes. I am happier because of the sadness I know and now wiser because I learned."
224."Dream big and dare to fail."
225."Remember that guy who gave up? Yeah neither does anyone else."
226."When you talk you are only repeating what you already know. But if you listen, you may learn something new." – Dalai Lamaover
227."Do not wait to strike til the iron is hot, but make it hot by sticking." – William Butler
228."A bird sitting on a tree is never afraid of the branch breaking, because her trust is no on the branch but on it's own wings. Always believe in yourself."
229."Step by step and the thing is done." – Charles Atlas
230."Action is the foundational key to all success." – Pablo Picasso
231."Pain makes you stronger. Tears make you braver. Heartbreak makes you wiser. SO thank the past for a better future." –
232."I never lose, either I win or I learn."
233."Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise." – Victor Hugo
234."Stop waiting for good things to happen, go out and make them happen"
235."Life is too short to wake up with regrets, so love the people who treat you right, forget about those who don't believe. Everything happens for a reason, if you get a chance, take it. If it changes your life, let it. Nobody said life would be easy they just promised most likely be worth it."‘The sun himself is weak when he first rises, and gathers strength and courage as the day sets on." – Charles Dickens
236."You can't use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have." – Maya Angelou
237."Whatever your situation might be, set your mind to whatever you want to do and put a good attitude in it and believe that you can succeed." – Bethany Hamilton
238."We generate fears while we sit. We overcome them by action." – Dr. Henry Link
239."What you lack in talent can be made up with desire, hustle and giving 100% all the time." – Don Zimmer
240."The successful warrior is the average man with laser-like focus." – Bruce Lee
241."Life goes on. Whether you choose to move on and take a change in the unknown. Or stay behind, locked in the past thinking of could've been." – Maria Robinson
242."To win in the market place, you must first win in the workplace." – Doug Conant
243."To handle yourself, use your head. To handle others, use your heart." – Eleanor Roosevelt
244."People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy." Tony Robbins
245."The darker the night, the brighter the stars. The deeper the grief the closer is God." – Fydor Dostoyevesky
246."Follow your dreams, or you'll spend the rest of the time working for someone who did."
247."Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence." – Helen Keller
248."In the end, it is important to remember that we cannot become what we need to be by remaining what we are." – Max De Pree
249."Change is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish." – Ovid
250."I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust me sails to always reach my destination." – Jimmy Dean
251."Calm mind brings inner strength and self-confidence, so that's very important for good health." – Dalai Lama
252."Appreciate where you are in your journey. Even if it's not where you want to be. Every season serves a purpose."
253."To be the best, you must be able to handle the worst"
254."Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations"
255."Becoming is better than being." – Herman Melville
256."If you spend too much time thinking about one thing, you'll never get it done."
257."Hardships often prepare ordinary people for extraordinary destiny. – C.S. Lewis
258."Strength doesn't come from what you can do. It's comes from the things you once thought you couldn't do." Rikki Rogers
259."If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll all into some else's plan, and guess what they have planned for you? Not much." – Jim Rohn
260."Everyday might not be good, but there is good in everyday."
261."Wealth isn't about having a lot of money it is about having a lot of options.""If you are working on something exciting that you really care about you don't have to be pushed. The vision pulls you." – Steve Jobs
262."A man can be as great as he wants to be. If you believe in yourself and have the courage, the determination, the dedication, the competitive drive and if you are willing to sacrifice the little things in life and pay the price for the things taht are worthwhile. It can be done." – Vince Lombardi
263."You cannot live to please everyone else. You have to edify, educated and fulfill your own dreams and destiny." – Viola Daivs
264."I've come to believe that each of us has a personal calling that's as unique as a fingerprint – and that the best way to succeed is to discover what you love and then find a way to offer it to others in form of service, working hard and also allowing the energy of the universe to lead you." – Oprah Winfrey
265."I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear." – Rosa Parks
266."Optimism is the one quality more associated with success and happiness than any other." – Brian Tracy
267."I never see failure as failure, but only as the game I must play to win." – Tom Hopkins
268."Be somebody who makes everyone feel like a somebody."
269."The only way to achieve the possible is to believe it is possible." – Chlrles Kingsleigh
270."Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life." Steve Jobs
271."Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal. My strength lies solely in my tenacity." – Louis Pasteur
272."If you want to be successful in this world, you have to follow your passion, not a paycheck." – Jen Welter
273."Kid, there are heroes and there are legends. Heroes get remembered, but legends never ide. Follow your heart, kid, and you'll' never go wrong." – The Sandlot
274."I fight while I can fight." – Eminem
275."I find that the harder I work, the more success I seem to have." – Thomas Jefferson
276."Sales are contingent upon attitude of the salesman. Not the attitude of the prospect." – W. Clement Stone
277."The key is not the will to win. Everybody has that. It is the will to prepare to win that is important." – Bobby Knight
278."Don't worry about what others think. Most people don't use their brain very often." – Venkat Desireddy
279."Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live." – Norman Cousins
280."Change your thoughts and you change your world." – Norman Vincent Peale
281."Life isn't about finding yourself, it is about creating yourself."
282."Don't wait to reach your goal to be proud of yourself. Be proud of yourself every step you take." – Karen Salmansohn
283."An eye for eye only ends up making the whole world blind." – M.K. Gandi
284."If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for ordinary." – Jim Rohn
285."I've got a dream that's worth more than my sleep."
286."Success is not final and failure is not fatal. It is the courage to continue that counts" – Winston Churchill
287."The expert in anything was once a beginner."
288."Dreams don't work if you don't."
289."The flower doesn't dream of the bee. It blossoms and the bee comes." – Mark Nepo
290."Your true success in life begins only when you make the commitment to be excellent at what you do." – Brian Tracy
291."Be not afraid of greatness. Some are born great, some achieve greatness and some have greatness thrust upon them." – Williams Shakespeare
292."I don't have any time to stay up all night worry about what someone has to say about me." – Viola Davis
293."When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it."
294."If you have the power to make someone happy, do it. The world needs more of that."
295."We aim above the mark to hit the mark" – Ralph Waldo Emerson
296."Two things define you. Your patience when you have nothing and your attitude when you have everything."
297."I say luck is when an opportunity comes along and you are prepared for it." – Denzel Washington
298."If it is important to you, you will find a way, not an excuse." – Ryan Blair
299."Achieve your goals in silence." – Imam Ali
300."You can do anything you set your mind to." – Eminem
301."Our greatest weakness lies in giving up.. The most certain way to succeed is always to try one more time" – Thomas Edison
302."Leadership is an action, not a position." – Donald McGannon
303."Make your life a masterpiece. Imagine no limitations on what you be, have or do." – Bryan Tracy
304."There are no limits to what you can accomplish, except the limits you place on your own thinking." – Brian Tracy
305."Every beautiful moment we have is a pearl, we thread on the necklace of our life. And every moment we enjoy makes our necklace more precious." – Anonymous
306."Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later." – Og Mandino
307."A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others." – Ayn Rand
308."When the well is dry, we know the worth of water." – Benjamin Franklin
309."Everything you ever wanted is on the other side of fear." – George Addair
310."If you hate starting over, stop quitting."
311."It is better to live for one day as a lion than for 1000 years as a sheep." – Tibetan Proverb
312."I will persist until I succeed. I was not delivered into this world into defeat, nor does failure course my veins. I am not a sheep waiting to be prodded by my shepard. I am a lion, and I refuse to talk, walk and to sleep with sheep. I will persist until I succeed." Og Mandino
313."The greatest fear in the world is the opinion of others and the moment you are unafraid of the crowd, you are no longer a sheep. You become a lion. A great roar arises in your heart. The roar of freedom." – Osho
314."Motivation is what gets you started. Habit Is what keeps you going." – Jim Rohn
315."The starting point of all achievement is desire." – Napolean Hill
316."Failure will never overtake me if my determination for succeed is strong enough." – Og Mandino
317."Ambition is the path to success. Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in." – Bill Bradley
318."The soul become dyed wit the color of it's thoughts." – Macrus Aurelius
319."Failure is the key to success, each mistake teaches us something." – Moriher Ueshiba
320."Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement." – W. Clement Stone
321."Think like a queen, a queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another stepping stone to greatness." – Oprah Winfrey
322."Above all, Wawtch with glittering eyes the whole world around you. because the greatest secrets are always hidden in the most unlikely places. Those who don't believe in the magic will never find find it." – Raold Dahl
323."If you wait, all that happens is you get older." – Larry McMurtry
324."Even if you are on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there." – Will Rogers
325."If you give up on your dreams, what's left?" – Jim Carrey
326."As I get, I give. Giving as you get is critical. It has everything to do with being happy for yourself and making others happy is the cause of making yourself happy, and it's the cycle of giving and getting." – Russel Simmons
327."If you really want the key to success, start by doing the opposite of what everyone else is doing." – Brad Szollose
328."You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take." – Wayne Gretzky
329."She quietly expected great things to happen to her, and no doubt that's one of the reasons why they did." – Zelda Fitzgerald
330."Accept then act. Whatever the present moment contains, accept it as if you had chosen it. This will miraculously change your whole life." – Eckhart Tolle
331."We only fail when we stop learning." – Steve Krivda
332."Failure will not overcome me so long as my will to succeed is stronger." – Michael S. Kirby
333."Don't ever be afraid to dream too big. Nothing is impossible. If you believe in yourself, you can acheive it." Nastia Linkin.
334."The difficult thing is the decision to act. The rest is merely tenacity." – Amelia Earhart
335."How dare you settle for less when the world has made it so easy for you to be remarkable." – Seth Godin
336."Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out."
337."Done is better than perfect." – Sheryl Sandberg
338."Pretend every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, "Make me feel important." . Not only will you succeed in sales, you will succeed in life." – Mary Kay Ash
339."To be successful in sales today, it's imperative to drop your sales mentality and start working with your prospects as if they already hired you." – Jill Konrath
340."Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." – Aurthur Ashe
341."Difficulties in your life don't come to destroy you, but to help you realize your hidden potential."
342."If everything seems under control, you're not going fast enough." – Mario Andretti
343."The secret to joy in work is contained in one word. Excellence. TO know how to do something well is to enjoy it." – Pearl Buck
344."Energy and persistence conquer all things." – Benjamin Franklin
345."A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." – Albert Einstein
346."The only way to do great work is to love what you do." – Steve Jobs
347."The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do." – Walter Bagehot
348."Whey should you continue going after your dreams? Because seeing the look on the faces
349."Without hustle, talent will only carry you so far." – Gary Vaynerchuk
350."Whatever you hold in your mind on a consistent basis is exactly what you will experience in your life." – Tony Robbins
351."Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful." – Joshua J. Marine
352."The secret to change is not on fighting the old, but on building the new." – Socrates
353."If you set goals and go after them with all the determination you can muster, your gifts will take you places that will amaze you." – Les Brown
354."Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surrest stepping stones of success." – Dale Carnegie
355."The mark of a great man is one who knows when to set aside the important things in order to accomplish the vital ones." – Brandon Sanderson
356."You can't connect the dots look forward, you can only connect them looking backward. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust something, you gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has bade all the difference in my life." – Steve Jobs
357."Follow your dreams, you can be whatever you want just try. Don't be afraid. Think positive, accept changes. Believe in yourself. Never give up."
358."Ability is what your capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it."
359."Complaining about a problems without posing a solution is called whining." – Teddy Roosevelt
360."The quieter you become the more you hear." – Ram Dass
361."We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone." – Ronald Reagan
362."Never will you have this day again, so make it count."
363."You can't be both awesome and negative. Choose one." – Karen Salmansohn
364."Look in the mirror, that's your competition."
365."Education is the passport to the future. For tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today." – Malacom X
366."Stress is caused by being here but wanting to be there." – Eckhart Tolle
367."One of the most important things you can accomplish is just being yourself." – Dwyane Johnson
368."Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships." – Micheal Jordan
369."The first thing that has be to recognized is that one cannot train someone to be passionate. It's either in their DNA or it's not." – Richard Branson
370."Imagine no limitations Decide what's right and desirable before you decide what's possible" – Brian Tracy
371."Wise men listen and laugh while fools talk." – 50 Cent
372."Life is short and it is here to be lived." – Kate Winslet
373."If you do not value your time, either will others. Stop giving away your time and talents, start charging for it." – Kim Garst
374."We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark, the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light." – Plato
375."Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose." – Bill Gates
376."Set your goals high, and don't stop til you get there." – Bo Jackson
377."A ship is always safe at shore, but that is not what it's built for." – Albert Einstein
378."Thinking should be your capital asset, no matter whatever ups and downs you come across in life." – APJ Kalam
379."The best revenge is massive success." – Frank Sinatra
380."I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure which is – try to please everybody." – Herbert Bayard Swope
381."The greatest glory lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." – Nelson Mandela
382."Don't wait. The time will never be just right. Start where you stand and work with whatever tools you may have at your command and better tools will be found as you go along." – George Herbert
383."Remember sometimes not getting what you want is a wonderful stroke of luck." – Dalai Lama
384."It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light." – Aristotle Onassis
385."All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them." – Walt Disnetyother
386."Change your life, don't gamble on the future. Act now, without delay." – Simone De Beauvoir
387."We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created the." – Albert Einstein
388."First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win." – Mahatma Gandi
389."If you are afraid to fail, then you're probably going to fail." – Kobe Bryant
390."You have to be odd to be No. 1." – Dr. Suess
391."If you are going through hell, keep going." – Winston Chruchill
392."Whether you think you can or you think you cant, you're right." – Henry Ford
393."The secret to getting ahead is getting started." – Mark Twain
394."Don't just stand there! Make something happen." – Lee Iacocca
395."Do or do not, there is no try." – Yoda
396."If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else." – Booker T Washington
397."If you believe it will work out, you'll see opportunities. If you believe it won't you will see obstacles." – Wayne Dyer
398."A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week." – George Patton
399."Be so good they can't ignore you." – Steve Martin
400."I want the peace in knowing that it wasn't for lack of hustling that I missed a target or dream. I want to know that's the one thing in my control." – Jon Acuff
401."Move our of your comfort zone. You can only grow if you are willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new" – Brian Tracy
402."Certain things catch your eye, but pursue only those what capture the heart." – Ancient Indian Proverb
403."Don't stay in bed unless you can make money in bed." – George Burns
404."There are three things you must do in order to become wealthy. You must have the right mindset, discover your purpose in life, and find a business that expresses that purpose." Andly Fuehl
405."A diamond is a chunk of coal that did well under pressure." – Henry Kissinger
406."Helping one person might not change the whole world, but it could change the world for one person."
407."Believe you can and your half way there." – Theodore Rosevelt
408."You learn more from failure than from success. Don't let it stop you. Failure builds character." – Unknown
409."A wrong connection will give you a shock throughout your life, but the right one will light up your life." – Leonardo DiCaprio
410."Often any decision, even the wrong decision is better than no decision." – Ben Horwitz
411."Life doesn't actually knock you down. It does, however provide you with many opportunities to evaluate your standing in life. What you stand on, what you stand for, how you stand within yourself and for yourself." – Iyanala Vanzant\
412."Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion." – Muhammad Ali
413."Hard times do not create heroes. It is during the hard times when the hero within us is revealed." – Bob Riley
414."Being responsible sometimes pisses people off." – Colin Powell
415."I don't believe in hope. Hope is a beggar. Hope walks through fire, faith leaps over it." – Jim Carrey
416."Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear – not the absense of fear." – Mark Twain
417."Success is walking from failure to failure without any loss of enthusiasm." – Winston Churchill
418."Luck always seems to be against the man who depends on it."
419."Success all depends on the second letter. U"
420."We must all learn not only to fear change, but to embrace it enthusiastically and perhaps even more important." – Tony Hsieh
421."If you spend your life trying to be good at everything, you will never be great at anything." – Tom Rath
422."Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity." – Seneca
423."If you cannot outplay them, outwork them." – Ben Hogan
424."You just can't beat the person who never gives up." – Babe Ruth
425."The art of leadership is saying not, not saying yes. It is very easy to say yes."
426."Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all." – Dale Carnegie
427."Press forward, do not stop, do not linger in your journey but strive for the mark set before you." – George Whitefield
428."The primary cause of unhappiness is never the situation. But your thoughts about it." – Eckhart Tolle
429."Sunny days would be so special if it wasn't for rain. Joy wouldn't feel so good if it wasn't for pain." – 50 Cent
430."Don't be afraid of what you want. This is your time the barriers are down." – Morgan Freeman
431."He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life." – Muhammad Ali
432."Three are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in the world: Those who are afraid, and those who are afraid you will succeed." – Ray Goforth
433."Don't raise your voice, improve your argument."
434."The greatest discovery of any generation is that a human being can alter his life by altering his attitude." – Williams James
435."When people point out your weaknesses, that's just another opportunity for you to rise above. – Zac Efron
436."Challenge yourself. It's the only path to growth." – Morgan Freeman
437."Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a butterfly." – Proverb
438."To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong." – John Wooden
439."People say motivation doesn't last. Well neither does bathing. That's why we recommend it daily." – Zig Ziglar
440."No matter how hard you work to bring yourself up, there's someone out there working just as hard to put you down." – Dr. Dre
441."Personally I like aging, with age comes wisdom and I have said it before and I say it again. I will take wisdom over youth any day." – Brad Pitt
442."Faith is having the strength to trust in something that you can't see with your eyes or prove scientifically." – Miley Cirus
443."When you walk up to opportunities door, don't knock it. Kick that bitch in, smile and introduce yourself." – Dwayne Johnson
444."The greatest leader is not necessarily the one who does great things. He is the one that gets people to do the greatest things." – Ronald Reagan
445."Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." – Williams James
446."The man on top of the mountain didn't fall there." – Vince Lombardi
447."Formula for success. Rise early, work hard, stroke oil." J. Paul Getty
448."Only you have the power to determine whether your future mimics your past." – Skip Prichard
449."Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal." – Henry Ford
450."Not until we are lost do we begin to truly find ourselves." – Henry David Thoreau
451."If you can tune into your purpose and really align with it, setting goals so that your vision is an expression of that purpose, then life flows much more easily." – Jack Canfield
452."I always did something i was not ready to do. I think that's how you grow. When there's that moment of "Wow, I'm not really sure I can do this and you push through those moments, that's when you have a breakthrough." – Marissa Mayer
453."Do you love life? Then do not squander time for that's the stuff life is made of." – Benjamin Franklin
454."You can fail at something you don't want, so you might as well take a chance at doing what you love." – Jim Carrey
455."Take every chance you get in life, because some things only happen once." – Karen Gibbs
456."Great minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events, small minds discuss people." – Eleanor Roosevelt
457."If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door." – Milton Berle
458."Don't persuade, defend or interupt. Be curious be conversational. Be real and listen." – Elizabeth
459."If you're alive, you're a creative person." – Elizabeth
460."I'd rather attempt to do something great and fail, than to attempt nothing and succeed." – Robert H. Schuller
461."I am going to use all my tools, my God-given ability, and make the best life I can with it." – Lebron
462."If something is wrong, fix it now. But train yourself not to worry, worry fixes nothing." – Ernest Hemingway
463."Well done is better than well said." – Ben Franklin
464."Where there is a will, there is a way. IF there is a chance in a million that you can do something, anything to keep what you want from ending. Do it. Pry the door open or if need be, wedge your foot in that door keep it open." – Pauline Kael
465."It's always too early to quit." – Norman Vincent Peale
466."Don't chase people. Be yourself, do your own thing and work hard. The right people – the ones who really belong in your life will come to you and stay." – Will Smith
467."The question isn't who is going to let me, it's who is going to stop me." – Ayn Rand
468."Only put off tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone." Pablo Picasso
469."The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." – Elanor Roosevelt
470."It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up" Vince Lombardi
471."I attribute my success to this. I never gave or took any excuse." – Florence Nightingale
472."There will be obstacles, there will be doubters, there will be mistakes, but with hard work, there are no limits." – Michael Phelps
473."Average leaders raise the bar on themselves, good leaders raise the bar for others, great leaders inspire others to raise their own bar." – Orrin Woodward
474."Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today." – James Dean
475."If you don't stand up for something, you can fall for anything." – Malcom X
476."Success is liking yourself, liking what you do and liking how you do it." – Maya Angelou
477."Change the way you look at things, and the things you look at change" – Wayne Dyer
478."One way to keep momentum is to have constantly greater goals." – Michael Korda
479."Why should you continue going after your dreams? Because seeing the look on other faces of the people who said you couldn't will be pricelss." – Kevin Ngo
480."Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn." – Harriet Beecher Stow
481."The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty." – Winston Churchill
482."Life is an adventure, it's not a package tour." – Eckhart Tolle
483."A winner is just a loser who tried one more time." – Leonardo Dicaprio
484."Don't let yesterday take up too much of today." – Will Rodgers
485."Start by doing what's necessary, then do what's possible, then suddenly you are doing the impossible." – Francis of Assis
486."You can make something of your life. It just depends on your drive." – Eminem
487."If you want to achieve greatness, stop asking permission."
488."Life is like a movie. Write your own ending. Keep believing, keep pretending." – Jim Hensen
489."Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life. Think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea at home. This is the way to success." – Swami Vivekananda
490."Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value." – Albert Einstein
491."Failure is condiment that gives success it's flavor." – Truman Capote
492."Fear is going to be a player in your life, but you get to decide how much." – Jim Carrey
493."How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world." – Anne Frank
494."The only people with you should try to get even with are those who have helped you." – John E. Southard
495."All progress takes place outside the comfort zone." – Michael John Bobak
496."As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others." – Bill Gates
497."Nothing is impossible, the word itself says "Im possible!"" – Audrey Hepburn
498."If you hear a voice in your head that says "you cannot paint", then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced." – Vincent Van Gogh
499."When one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us." – Helen Keller
500."What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality." – Plutarch
501."The future depends on what you do today." – Mahatma Gandhi
502."People will forget what you said. People will forget what you did, but they will never forget how you made them feel." – Maya Angelou
503."Make each day a masterpiece." – John Wooden
504."In every job that must be done, there is an element of fun. You find the fun and snap, the job is a game." – Mary Poppins
505."Even when I was close to defeat, I rose to my feet." – Dr. Dre
506."Every negative is a positive, the bad things that happen to me, I somehow make good. That means you can't do anything to hurt me." – 50 Cent
507."Do what you have to do, until you can do what you want to do." – Denzel Washington
508."I've learned that something constructive comes from every defeat," – Tom Landry
509."What if I fall? Oh, but my darling, what if you fly? – Erin Hanson
510."When people are financially invested, they want a return. When people are emotionally invested, they want to contribute." – Simon SInek
511."If you light a lamp for someone else, it will also brighten your path." – Buddha
512."Absorb what is useful, discard what its useless and add what it specifically your own." – Bruce Lee
513."We must accept finite disappointment but never lose infinite hope." – Martin Luther King
514."Every strike brings me closer to the next homerun." – Babe Ruth
515."It's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years." – Abraham Lincoln
516."You just have to keep driving down the road. It's going to bend and curve and you'll speed up and slow down, but the road keeps going." – Ellen DeGeneres
517."If you can do what you do best and be happy, you're further along in life than most people." – Leonardo Dicapro
518."A good leader is a person who takes a little more than his share of the blame and little less than his share of credit." – John Maxwell
519."At some pointing you have to divorce yourself from doing the things that other people want from you." – Jim Carrey
520."Dealing with back stabbers, there was one thing I learned, they're only powerful when you've got your back turned." – Eminem
521."I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times I've been trusted to take the game-winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed," – Michael Jordan
522."You can spend minutes, hours, days, weeks or even months over-analyzing a situation. Trying to put the peices together justifying what could've, would've happened. Or you can just leave the pieces on the floor and move the f*** on." Tupac Shakur
523."Even if you fall on your face, you are still moving forward." – Victor Kiam
524."Know your fears to your self, but share your courage with others." – Robert Louis Stevenson
525."I've failed over and over and over again and that is why I succeed." – Michael Jordan
526."Your own resolution to succeed is more important that any others." – Abraham Lincoln
527."Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek." – Barack Obama
528."Start your day with prayer. Ask for wisdom. Ask for understanding. Don't aspire to make a living, aspire to make a difference." – Denzel Washington
529."By putting in that intense form of stress, it makes regular life more peaceful." – Joe Rogan
530."If you can't make it better, you can laugh at it." – Erma Bombeck
531."Forget about the fast lane. If you really want to fly, just harness your power to your passion." – Oprah Winfrey
532."I don't dream at night, I dream at day. I dream all day. I dream for a living." – Stephen Speilberg
533."The world you desire can be won. It exists. It is real. It is possible. It is yours." – Ayn Rand
534."Being a true badass no weight or gender requirement, just 100 percent commitment to greatness." – Dwayne Johnson
535."Motivation is when your dreams put on work clothes." – Benjamin Franklin
536."The power you have is to be the best version of yourself you can be, so you can create better world." – Ashley Richards
537."The best way out is always through." – Robert Frost
538."Not knowing you can't do something is sometimes all it takes to do it." – Ally Carter
539."The only thing standing between you and your goal is the bullshit story you keep telling yourself as to why you can't achieve it." – Jordan Belfort
540."I mean I got everything I need right here with me. I got air in my lungs, a few blank sheets of paper. I mean, I love waking up in the morning not knowing what's gonna happen or who I am going to meet, or where I am going to wind up." – Jack Dawson (Titanic)
541."I'm here to plant a seed today, that will inspire you to go forward in your life with enthusiastic hearts and a clear sense of wholeness. The question is, will that seed have a chance to take root? Or will i be sued by Monsanto." – Jim Carrey (LAUGHED HARD at this one so had to include it!)
542."It's life. You don't figure it out. You just climb up on the beast and ride." – Rebecca Wells
543."Speak softly and carry a big stick." – Theodore Roosevelt
544."There is only one way to avoid criticism. Do nothing. Be nothing. Say nothing." – Aristotle
545."Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant."- Robert Louis Stevenson
546."Have the courage to follow your heart and intuition, they somehow know what you truly want to become." – Steve Jobs
547."Forget the pain, mock the pain. Reduce it and laugh." – Jim Carrey
548."Stop looking outside for scraps of pleasure and fulfillment, for validation, security or love. You have a treasure within that is infinitely greater than anything the world can offer." – Eckhart Tolle
549."Real courage is when you know you're licked before you begin, but you begin anyway and see it through no matter what." – Haprer Lee
550."There is zero correlation between being the best talker and having the best ideas." – Susan Cain
551."You will never plow a field if you only turn it over in your mind." – Irish Proverb
552."Nothing is permanent in this wicked world, not even our troubles." – Charlie Chaplin
553."A normal life is boring." – Eminem
554."It isn't the climb that wear you out, it is the pebble in your shoe." – Muhammed Ali
555."Each day provides it's own gifts." – Marcus Aurelius
556."Sometimes you face difficulties, not because you have done something wrong, but because you have done something right"
557."Learning never exhausts the mind."- Leonardo Da Vinci
558."We must let go of the life we have planned so as to accept the one that is waiting for us." – Joseph Campbell
559."Whatever or do dream you can do. Begin it. Boldness has genius and power and magic in it." – Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
560."A dream doesn't become a reality through magic. It takes sweat, determination and hard work." – Colin Powell
561."Genius is poor not paid." – Oscar Wilde
562."Do what you have to do until you can do what you want to do." – Oprah Winfrey
563."The day is what you make of it. SO why not make it a great one." – Steve Schulte
564."I am no longer accepting the things I can't change, I am going to change the things I can't accept." – Angela Davis
565."To move the world we must first move ourselves." – Socrates
566."Instead of wondering when your next vacation is, maybe you should set up a life you don't need to escape from." – Seth Godin
567."Try to be a rainbow in someones cloud." – Maya Angelou
568."Success seems to be connect with action. Successful people keep moving. They mmake mistakes, but they don't quit." – Conrad Hilton
569."Outstanding people have one thing in common. An absolute sense of mission." – Zig Ziglar
570."You may kill me with your hatefulness but like air I'll rise." – Maya Angelou
571."Find who you are in this world and what you need to feel good alone. I think that's the most important thing in life." – Angelina Jolie
572."Your ability to adapt to failure, and navigate your way out of it, absolutely 100 percent makes you who you are." – Viola Davis
573."Every mountain top is within your reach if you just keep climbing. – Harry Finlay
574."Sometimes you will never know the value of a moment until it becomes a memory." – Dr. Suess
575."When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too." – Paulo Coelho
576."Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings." – Salvador Dali
577."You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you chose. You're on your own. And you know what you know. And you are the one who'll decide where to go." – Dr. Suess
578."I can't go back to yesterday because I was a different person then." – Lewis Carroll
579."Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first." – Mark Twain
580."You don't need endless time and perfect conditions. Do it now. Do it today. Do it for 20 minutes and watch you heart start beating." – Barbara Sher
581."I have never learned anything from any man who agreed with me." – Dudley Field Malone
582."Those who don't believe in magic will never find it" – Roald Dahl
583."If we challenge convention, we can solve any problem." – Josh Valman
584."I would visualize things coming to me. It would just make me feel better. Visualization works if you work hard. That's the thing. You can't just visualize and go eat a sandwhich." – Jim Carrey
585."Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude." – Ralph Harston
586."It is never too late to be what you might have been." – George Eliot
587."If all you can do is crawl, then start crawling." – Rumi
588."Don't worry about being worried. You're heading out on an adventure and you can always change your mind along the way and try something else." – Tracy Kidder
589."If you are willing to do more than you are paid to do, eventually you will be paid to do more than you do." – Anonymous
590."What would you attempt if you knew you would not fail." – Robert Schuller
591."Whenever you see a successful person, you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them." – Vaibhav Shah
592."I am not a product of my circumstances, I am a product of my decisions." – Stephen Covey
593."The number one reason people fail in life is that they listen to their friends, family and neighbors." – Napoleon Hill
594."You wouldn't worry so much about what others think about you if you realized how seldom they do." – Eleanor Roosevelt
595."Life is like riding a bicycle. In order to maintain balance you must keep moving." – Albert Einstein
596."No matter where life takes me, find me with a smile." – Mac Miller
597."There is no mountain I cant climb. No tower too high. No plane that I can't learn how to fly." – Eminem
598."If you aren't sincere with it, you shouldn't say anything at all." – Dr. Dre
599. "When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you'll be successful." – Eric Thomas